Fix sentences ,grammar, and punctuation in description in docshub (#972)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/asteroid.md

You can find `asteroid` models by filtering at the left of the [models page](https://huggingface.co/models?filter=asteroid). 

All models on the Hub come up with the following features:
1. An automatically generated model card with a description, training configuration, metrics, and more.

> 2. Metadata tags that help for discoverability and contain information such as licenses and datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Metadata tags that help for discoverability and contain information such as the license and datasets.
```

Reviewer: In general, a single license is preferred so probably makes sense to keep this singular :)
